Clarified roles versus permissions usage (#3889)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/managing-permissions.md

helpcontent:
- label: managing-permissions
  title: Managing permissions

>   content: "Permissions define what a user is allowed to do in Cumulocity applications. To manage permissions more easily, they are grouped into global and inventory roles. Every user can be associated with a number of roles, adding up permissions of the user.

Reviewer: trying to use 'assign roles' again and avoid "adding up" (same suggestion as in content/concepts/security-bundle/access-control.md)

```suggestion
  content: "Permissions define what a user is allowed to do in Cumulocity applications. To manage permissions more easily, they are grouped into global and inventory roles. When you assign one or more roles to a user, they gain the combined permissions of all these roles.
```

* To assign owned roles to users ("feature-user-hierarchy" application subscription required): CREATE permission for the "User management" permission type.
* To create new roles with available (owned) permissions: CREATE and ADMIN permission.

> The above permissions can be used to create roles for robust user management. Every new tenant has specified typical roles by default:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above permissions can be used to create roles for robust user management. Every new tenant has these roles by default:
```

Grammar improvement?
